Q1. What happens when you initialise a respository? Why do you need to do it?

A1. Initialising a repository creates the .git folder in that directly. 
This is used for git's inner workings i.e. keeping track of file changes.
----

Q2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

A2. Staging area contains the files that will be part of a single commit.
Working directory contains ALL the files that are in the folder.
Repository is a collection of files that git is keeping track of 
and the changes/commits made to them over time.
Staging area allows us to 'stage' our changes that will form part of the 
next commit. This means we have better control over what gets committed.
----

Q3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit 
per logical change?

A3. Only add the files that include one logical change. A commit will only
update the repository with the changes that have been staged, thus allowing
for control over what gets committed and not 'what has been changed'.
----

Q4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

A4. Branches are useful for experimenting with new features while maintaining
a working piece of code, instead of having to checkout it every time and move
back and forth between the working copy and experimental copy.
----

Q5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A5. By graphing the branches and showing their parents.
----

Q6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?

A6. Both branches changes are reflected in the output i.e. both sets of 
changes are "merged". It's represented in the diagram that way because
it's a merge. Duh.
----

Q7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always 
doing merges manually?

A7. Pros: requires less work
	Cons: requires manual intervention in case of even simple conflicts
----